 The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics
of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple
input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As
an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature
had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized
features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled,
while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test
variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with
random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance
metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model
results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent
tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids
with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the
overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent
datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the
model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle
randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What
strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed
value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle
randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the
unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden
relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the
importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance
test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness
retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT,
a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated
this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the
model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error
(RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we
evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness
obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated
species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different
resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species
richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness
model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information
on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed
values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning
pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on
strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.
%Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by
exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to
physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a
statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in
the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval
system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept
constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the
extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the
root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species
Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing
the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service
[72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis
at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between
the species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean
square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness
Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the
species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We
calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at
different resolutions. We then calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the
species richness from the independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species
richness model. For direct comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep
learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as
random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which
solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was
difficult to physically quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we
performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest
significance in the species richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an
operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the
other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The
feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance decreased with random shuffling.
In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the performance metric.  2.5.
Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two model results, S-SDMs and
DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from independent tree plot datasets
from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness using grids with a 10 km
resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then calculated the overall
correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the independent datasets and
the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct comparisons, the model
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness
in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query Query: "What strategies are
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g., random seed value)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies employed to handle randomness in the
deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context Context:  Due to the unique
characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting the hidden relationships
inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically quantify the importance of the
input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical feature importance test (SFIT) to
explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species richness retrievals and to
determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For the SFIT, a single feature
was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant. We iterated this process by
changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to which the model performance
decreased with random shuffling. In this study, we used the root mean square error (RMSE) as the
performance metric.  2.5. Independent Validation of Species Richness  Finally, we evaluated our two
model results, S-SDMs and DL species richness, by comparing the species richness obtained from
independent tree plot datasets from the Korea Forest Service [72]. We calculated species richness
using grids with a 10 km resolution after sensitivity analysis at different resolutions. We then
calculated the overall correlation and local correlations between the species richness from the
independent datasets and the results from the S-SDMs and DL species richness model. For direct
comparisons, the model  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Query
Query: "What strategies are employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline (e.g.,
random seed value)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on strategies
employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline, such as random seed values.  %Context
Context:  Due to the unique characteristics of neural networks, which solve problems by exploiting
the hidden relationships inherent in multiple input variables, it was difficult to physically
quantify the importance of the input variables. As an alternative, we performed a statistical
feature importance test (SFIT) to explain which feature had the greatest significance in the species
richness retrievals and to determine the optimized features in an operational retrieval system. For
the SFIT, a single feature was randomly shuffled, while all the other features were kept constant.
We iterated this process by changing the test variable. The feature importance shows the extent to
which the model performance decreased with random shuffling