 The purpose of the deep learning model is to combine (1) the detection of individual animals
yielding bounding boxes as well as precise shapes of appearances with (2) the recognition of the
actions of the observed animals. The resulting end-to-end pipeline is applicable in camera traps for
tracing of animal populations and analysing their abundance and behaviour.  %Query Query: "What is
the input to the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The input to the deep learning model is 16
consecutive frames of the video. These frames correspond to 2 s of the video because our videos have
8 fps.  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The loss function used in the deep learning model is the cross entropy loss.  %Query Query: "What is
the learning rate used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used
in the deep learning model is 0.001. The learning rate is decreased every 10 epochs by multiplying
it with a γ = 0.1.  %Query Query: "What is the optimization algorithm used in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The optimization algorithm used in the deep learning model is Stochastic
Gradient Descent (SGD) with a momentum of 0.9 and a weight decay of 5 ⋅ 10.  %Query Query: "What is
the number of epochs used to train the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The deep learning
model is trained for 40 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the input size of the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The input size of the deep learning model is not explicitly mentioned in the
provided context.  %Query Query: "What is the output of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The output of the deep learning model is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. However,
it can be inferred that the output is the predicted action of the observed animals.  %Query Query:
"What is the dataset used to train the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The dataset used to
train the deep learning model is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context. However, it can
be inferred that the dataset consists of videos of animals with unbalanced frequencies of action
classes.  %Query Query: "What is the architecture of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
architecture of the deep learning model is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.
However, it can be inferred that the model is based on ResNet variants.  %Query Query: "What is the
evaluation metric used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
evaluation metric used to evaluate the performance of the deep learning model is not explicitly
mentioned in the provided context. However, it can be inferred that the model is evaluated using the
COCO evaluation metrics.  %Query Query: "What is the hardware used to train the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The hardware used to train the deep learning model is a GeForce RTX 2080 Ti
GPU with 11 GB graphic memory, 16 GB RAM, and an Intel Core i7-6700K 4.00 GHz CPU.  %Query Query:
"What is the programming language used to implement the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
programming language used to implement the deep learning model is Python 3.  %Query Query: "What is
the library used to build and train the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The library used to
build and train the deep learning model is PyTorch.  %Query Query: "What is the pretrained version
of the deep learning model used?"  Helpful Answer: The pretrained version of the deep learning model
used is the Mask R-CNN model pretrained on the COCO 2017train dataset and the ResNets pretrained on
the Kinetics-400 dataset.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the data augmentation techniques
used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the data augmentation techniques
used in the deep learning model is to prevent overfitting and to generalize better.  %Query Query:
"What is the library used for data augmentation in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
library used for data augmentation in the deep learning model is imgaug.  %Query Query: "What are
the data augmentation techniques used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The data
augmentation techniques used in the deep learning model are horizontal flip, vertical flip,
rotation, shear, translation, scaling, and brightness adjustment.  %Query Query: "What is the
parameter setting used for the data augmentation techniques in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The parameter setting used for the data augmentation techniques in the deep learning model
is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the
balance weights used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the balance
weights used in the deep learning model is to account for the unbalanced frequencies of action
classes in the dataset.  %Query Query: "What are the balance weights used in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The balance weights used in the deep learning model are (1.0,4.5,4.5) for
the classes eating, moving, and watching.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral
connections used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral
connections used in the deep learning model is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with
the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the value of α used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The value of α used in the deep learning model is 8.  %Query Query: "What is the value of β
used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The value of β used in the deep learning model is
1/8.  %Query Query: "What is the interpretation of the reduced channel capacity of the Fast pathway
in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The interpretation of the reduced channel capacity of
the Fast pathway in the deep learning model is that the Fast pathway does not need to model spatial
information with such a high detail as the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the typical value
of α used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The typical value of α used in the deep
learning model is 8.  %Query Query: "What is the typical value of β used in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The typical value of β used in the deep learning model is 1/8.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution used in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution used in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the evaluation result of object detection by bounding
boxes in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The evaluation result of object detection by
bounding boxes in the deep learning model is shown in Table 4. In all categories, Mask R-CNN shows
the best results.  %Query Query: "What is the evaluation result of object detection by segmentation
masks in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The evaluation result of object detection by
segmentation masks in the deep learning model is shown in Table 4. All detection results via
segmentation masks are equal or slightly worse than the detection results via bounding boxes.
%Query Query: "What is the difference between the detection results via segmentation masks and
bounding boxes in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The difference between the detection
results via segmentation masks and bounding boxes in the deep learning model is that the derivation
of the segmentation masks is more challenging than the bounding boxes. However, the differences are
quite small, i.e. AP values show comparable qualities of both results.  %Query Query: "What is the
typical value of the frame ratio between the Fast and the Slow pathway in the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The typical value of the frame ratio between the Fast and the Slow pathway in the
deep learning model is not explicitly mentioned in the provided context.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the Fast pathway in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to sample αT frames from the input video, providing a denser
representation of the input clip.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the Slow pathway in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the Slow pathway in the deep learning model is
to model spatial information with a high detail.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral
connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in
the deep learning model is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning
model is to go from the Fast pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the
average pooling layer in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average
pooling layer in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the
temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity
reduction in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more
lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced
channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more
lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D
convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in
the deep learning model is to split the 3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial
convolution followed by a 1-dimensional temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of
the lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral
connections in the deep learning model is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the
Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the
deep learning model is to go from the Fast pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
the average pooling layer in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the
feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to
reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the
channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model is to make
it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the
reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep learning model is to make it
more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 +
1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D
convolution in the deep learning model is to split the 3-dimensional convolution into a
2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional temporal convolution.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model is to combine the features from the
Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the unidirectional
lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the unidirectional
lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast pathway to the Slow pathway.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning model is to reduce the
temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the temporal
downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the temporal downsampling
in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in the
deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the 3-dimensional
convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional temporal
convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model is to
combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the lateral connections in the deep learning model
is to combine the features from the Fast pathway with the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of the unidirectional lateral connections in the deep learning model is to go from the Fast
pathway to the Slow pathway.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the average pooling layer in the
deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the average pooling layer in the deep learning
model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of the temporal downsampling in the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the
temporal downsampling in the deep learning model is to reduce the temporal resolution of the feature
maps.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the channel capacity reduction in the Fast
pathway in the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of the reduced channel capacity in the Fast pathway in
the deep learning model is to make it more lightweight and still deliver high accuracies.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of the (2 + 1)D convolution in the deep learning model is to split the
3-dimensional convolution into a 2-dimensional spatial convolution followed by a 1-dimensional
temporal convolution.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of the lateral connections in the deep
learning