 The raw data in the deep learning pipeline is collected using video clips taken by camera traps
positioned at an "animals' bridge" (wildlife crossing) that is crossing the federal motorway 7 near
the city Oberthulba. The camera traps are equipped with infrared camera and infrared flash lights.
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the
specifications of the raw data collected (e.g., resolution, frame rate, duration)? "  Helpful
Answer: The raw data collected consists of video clips, each about 10 s with 8 fps (frames per
second) and a resolution of 1280 Ã— 720 pixel.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing
deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the
annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)? "  Helpful Answer: The annotated
data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares with occurrence frequencies
depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  %Query Query:
"What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of instances, classes, attributes)?
"  Helpful Answer: The annotated data consists of 528 clips showing deer, boars, foxes, and hares
with occurrence frequencies depicted in Table 1.  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  %Query Query: "What are the specifications of the annotated data (e.g., number of
instances, classes, attributes)? "