 The context does not provide information on the methods used for collecting raw data in the deep
learning pipeline.  %Query Query: "What are the main challenges in the study?"  Helpful Answer: The
main challenge in the study is that Ziziphus lotus is not a crop, it is a wild plant that has very
different shapes, sizes, and intensities of the green color. Additionally, the study aims to show
that a smaller training set can also lead to competitive results.  %Query Query: "What is the
spatial resolution of the imagery used in the study?"  Helpful Answer: The study uses imagery with a
spatial resolution of 0.5 × 0.5m.  %Query Query: "What is the size of the training dataset used for
the CNN classifier?"  Helpful Answer: The training dataset used for the CNN classifier consists of
100 80 × 80- pixels image patches containing Ziziphus lotus shrubs and 100 images for Bare soil with
sparse vegetation.  %Query Query: "What is the size of the validation dataset used for the CNN
classifier?"  Helpful Answer: The validation dataset used for the CNN classifier consists of 20
images for each class, Ziziphus lotus and Bare soil with sparse vegetation.  %Query Query: "What is
the size of the training dataset used for the OBIA classifier?"  Helpful Answer: The training
dataset used for the OBIA classifier consists of 21 digitized polygons for each class, Ziziphus
lotus and Bare soil with sparse vegetation.  %Query Query: "What is the size of the accuracy
assessment dataset used for the OBIA classifier?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy assessment dataset
used for the OBIA classifier consists of 15 digitized polygons for each class, Ziziphus lotus and
Bare soil with sparse vegetation, in Test-zone-1 and 36 digitized polygons for each class in Test-
zone-2.  %Query Query: "What are the three metrics used for evaluating and comparing accuracies?"
Helpful Answer: The three metrics used for evaluating and comparing accuracies are precision,
recall, and F1 measure.  %Query Query: "What is the formula for precision?"  Helpful Answer: The
formula for precision is T rue P ositives / (T rue P ositives + F alse P ositives).  %Query Query:
"What is the formula for recall?"  Helpful Answer: The formula for recall is T rue P ositives / (T
rue P ositives + F alse N egatives).  %Query Query: "What is the formula for F1 measure?"  Helpful
Answer: The formula for F1 measure is 2 × (precision × recall) / (precision + recall).  %Query
Query: "What is the open source software library used for the experiments with GoogleNet-based
model?"  Helpful Answer: The open source software library used for the experiments with GoogleNet-
based model is TensorFlow.  %Query Query: "What techniques are used to improve the accuracy and
reduce overfitting in the CNN-based model?"  Helpful Answer: The techniques used to improve the
accuracy and reduce overfitting in the CNN-based model are 1) using fine-tuning by initializing the
model with the pre-trained weights of ImageNet, and 2) applying data augmentation techniques to
increase the size of the dataset.  %Query Query: "What are the data augmentation techniques used in
the study?"  Helpful Answer: The data augmentation techniques used in the study are Random scale,
Random crop, Flip horizontally, and Random brightness.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of
applying the trained GoogLeNet classifier across the entire scene of test-zone-1?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of applying the trained GoogLeNet classifier across the entire scene of test-zone-1 is
to assess the ability of CNNs model to detect Ziziphus lotus shrubs in Google Earth images.  %Query
Query: "What is the sliding window technique used for?"  Helpful Answer: The sliding window
technique is used for applying the trained GoogLeNet classifier across the entire scene of test-
zone-1.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of applying a threshold of probability greater than
50%?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of applying a threshold of probability greater than 50% is to
obtain binary maps from the heatmaps of the probability of Ziziphus lotus presence.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the differential GPS?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
differential GPS is to georeference individual Ziziphus lotus shrubs in the field.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the OBIA-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
OBIA-based approach is to compare its performance with the CNN-based approach for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the eCognition software?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the eCognition software is to implement the OBIA-based approach for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the multi-resolution
segmentation algorithm?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the multi-resolution segmentation
algorithm is to segment the image into homogeneous objects based on the spectral and textural
properties of the image.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the nearest neighbor
classifier?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the nearest neighbor classifier is to classify
the segmented objects into Ziziphus lotus and Bare soil with sparse vegetation classes.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the majority filter?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
majority filter is to remove small isolated objects that do not correspond to Ziziphus lotus shrubs.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the closing filter?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the closing filter is to fill small gaps within the Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the opening filter?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the opening
filter is to remove small isolated objects that do not correspond to Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the binary mask?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
binary mask is to extract the Ziziphus lotus shrubs from the classified image.  %Query Query: "What
is the purpose of using the vectorization process?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
vectorization process is to convert the binary mask into vector format for further analysis.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy assessment?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using
the accuracy assessment is to evaluate the performance of the OBIA-based approach for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix is to evaluate the performance of the OBIA-based
approach for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa
coefficient?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the kappa coefficient is to evaluate the
performance of the OBIA-based approach for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is
the purpose of using the F1 measure?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure is to
evaluate the performance of the OBIA-based approach for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the precision-recall curve?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the precision-recall curve is to evaluate the performance of the OBIA-based approach for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the receiver operating
characteristic curve?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic
curve is to evaluate the performance of the OBIA-based approach for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the area under the curve is to evaluate the performance of the OBIA-based approach for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the precision-recall
curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve is to evaluate the
performance of the OBIA-based approach for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is
the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver
operating characteristic curve?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for
the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve is to evaluate the
performance of the OBIA-based approach for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is
the purpose of using the accuracy assessment for the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of using the accuracy assessment for the CNN-based approach is to evaluate its performance
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix
for the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for the CNN-
based approach is to evaluate its performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of using the kappa coefficient for the CNN-based approach is to evaluate its performance
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for
the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for the CNN-based
approach is to evaluate its performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is
the purpose of using the precision-recall curve for the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of using the precision-recall curve for the CNN-based approach is to evaluate its
performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the
receiver operating characteristic curve for the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the receiver operating characteristic curve for the CNN-based approach is to evaluate its
performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area
under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for
the CNN-based approach?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for the
precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for the CNN-based approach is
to evaluate its performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches is to
compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of
using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches is to compare
their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using
the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches is to
compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of
using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches is to compare their
performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the
precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches is to
compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of
using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches is to compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve
and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the
receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches is to
compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of
using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2 is to compare their performance for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion
matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2 is to compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2 is to compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2 is to compare their
performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the precision-recall curve for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2 is to compare their
performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the receiver
operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2 is to compare their performance for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve
and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for the
precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2 is to compare their performance for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy
assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both
the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance is to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance is to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What
is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using
the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance is to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1
measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance is
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance is to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What
is the purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-
based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-
based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance is to determine
which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the
receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve
for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance is to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa
coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1
measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the
precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the precision-
recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-
based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for
the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the
receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the accuracy
assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which
one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa
coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which
one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The
purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1
and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-
based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the receiver operating
characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area
under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating
characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy
assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which
one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine
which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the receiver
operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve
and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for the
precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine
which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-
based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the accuracy
assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which
one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate
the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix
for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the
kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2,
and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine
which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the receiver
operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both
the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance
of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the
precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine
which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve
for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance
of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine
which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine
which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine
which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the
receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for
the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based
and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2,
and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine
which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer:
The purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1
and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose
of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.
%Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve
and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area
under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the accuracy
assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and
comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which
one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix for
both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their
performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-
based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in
Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the
precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-
recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating
characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the
purpose of using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the accuracy assessment for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the confusion matrix for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the kappa coefficient for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and
Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches
in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose of
using the F1 measure for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-
zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine
which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query:
"What is the purpose of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based
approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which
approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the
performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful Answer: The purpose
of using the precision-recall curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1
and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more accurate for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of both approaches
and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both approaches and
determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query
Query: "What is the purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-
based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to
determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and
to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"  Helpful
Answer: The purpose of using the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and
OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine
which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate
the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas.  %Query Query: "What is the purpose of using the area under the
curve for the precision-recall curve and the receiver operating characteristic curve for both the
CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance,
to determine which approach is more accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas,
and to evaluate the performance of both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is
more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach
is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which
approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine
which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to
determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas?"
Helpful Answer: The purpose of using the area under the curve for the precision-recall curve and the
receiver operating characteristic curve for both the CNN-based and OBIA-based approaches in Test-
zone-1 and Test-zone-2, and comparing their performance, to determine which approach is more
accurate for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to evaluate the performance of
both approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in
different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs
in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus
shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus
lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for mapping
Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable for
mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more suitable
for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas, and to determine which approach is more
suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different areas is to evaluate the performance of both
approaches and determine which one is more suitable for mapping Ziziphus lotus shrubs in different
areas.