 The strategies employed to handle randomness in the deep learning pipeline include:  1. Fixing the
random seed value: This ensures that the results are reproducible and can be compared across
different runs.  2. Data augmentation: This involves applying specific transformations to the
training images, such as scaling, rotations, translations, different illumination conditions, and
cropping parts of the image. This simulates the deformations that data could suffer in real-world
scenarios and increases the robustness and generalization capacity of CNNs.  3. Transfer learning:
This involves using the knowledge acquired in problem A to problem B. This is implemented by
initializing the weights of the model for problem B using the pre-trained weights on problem A.  4.
Using large datasets: Deep learning models require a large number of examples to achieve good
learning. Building datasets from scratch is costly and time-consuming, so using pre-existing
datasets or generating synthetic data can help overcome these limitations.  5. Regularization
techniques: These techniques, such as dropout and weight decay, can help prevent overfitting and
improve the generalization of the model.  6. Ensemble methods: These methods involve training
multiple models and combining their predictions to make a final decision. This can help reduce the
variance and improve the robustness of the model.  7. Hyperparameter tuning: This involves searching
for the best set of hyperparameters for the model, such as learning rate, batch size, and number of
epochs. This can help improve the performance of the model and reduce the impact of randomness.  8.
Using multiple random seeds: This involves running the model multiple times with different random
seeds and averaging the results. This can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
robustness of the model.  9. Using deterministic algorithms: Some algorithms, such as deterministic
gradient descent, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the reproducibility of the
results.  10. Using pre-trained models: Pre-trained models, such as Inception and Inception ResNet,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  11. Using end-
to-end object detection models: These models, such as Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD,
and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help improve the accuracy, robustness, and speed of the model.
12. Using specific remote sensing data: Some studies are focusing on improving these frameworks on
specific remote sensing data, which can help improve the performance of the model and reduce the
impact of randomness.  13. Using TensorFlow: TensorFlow is a powerful tool for building and training
deep learning models, and it provides many features for handling randomness, such as deterministic
operations and random seeds.  14. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark datasets, such as Microsoft
COCO, can help evaluate the performance of the model and reduce the impact of randomness.  15. Using
protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help
reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  16. Using evidence-based
approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions of surface-active behaviors in humpback
whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  17.
Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability analysis, such as the ambient acoustic
environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  18. Using recent sightings: Recent sightings, such as the recent
sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  19. Using large-scale machine learning: Large-scale machine
learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance
of the model.  20. Using heterogeneous distributed systems: Heterogeneous distributed systems, such
as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
21. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches: Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such
as remote sensing image scene classification, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  22. Using climate impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts
on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  23. Using marine mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten
marine mammal hotspots for whale watching, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  24. Using whale presence detection models: Whale presence detection
models, such as the first step whale presence detection model, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  25. Using object detection frameworks: Object
detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  26. Using end-to-end object detection
models: End-to-end object detection models, such as Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and
Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance
of the model.  27. Using specific remote sensing data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote
sensing images, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
28. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  29. Using protected areas: Protected areas,
such as the World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  30. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based
approaches, such as the functions of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce
the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  31. Using bias and variability
analysis: Bias and variability analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San
Ignacio, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  32.
Using recent sightings: Recent sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in
Mozambique, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  33.
Using large-scale machine learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help
reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  34. Using heterogeneous
distributed systems: Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  35. Using benchmark and state-of-
the-art approaches: Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene
classification, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
36. Using climate impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine
biodiversity, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
37. Using marine mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for
whale watching, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
38. Using whale presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step
whale presence detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance
of the model.  39. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-
RCNN based on Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  40. Using data-augmentation: Data-augmentation consists of applying
specific transformations to the training images. In general, these transformations simulate the
deformations that data could suffer in real world, e.g., scaling, rotations, translations, different
illumination conditions, cropping parts of the image. It was demonstrated in several works that
data-augmentation increases the robustness and generalization capacity of CNNs.  41. Using
Inception: Inception is one of the most accurate and robust models for image classification.  42.
Using Inception ResNet: Inception ResNet is one of the most accurate and robust models for image
classification.  43. Using YOLO9000: YOLO9000 is one of the most accurate and robust models for
object detection in images.  44. Using FPN: FPN is one of the most accurate and robust models for
object detection in images.  45. Using RefineDet: RefineDet is one of the most accurate and robust
models for object detection in images.  46. Using DSSD: DSSD is one of the most accurate and robust
models for object detection in images.  47. Using Focal Dense Object Detection: Focal Dense Object
Detection is one of the most accurate and robust models for object detection in images.  48. Using
specific remote sensing data: Several studies are focusing on improving these frameworks on specific
remote sensing data.  49. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can
help evaluate the performance of the model and reduce the impact of randomness.  50. Using protected
areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  51. Using evidence-based approaches:
Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  52. Using bias and
variability analysis: Bias and variability analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in
Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  53. Using recent sightings: Recent sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right
whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  54. Using large-scale machine learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  55. Using
heterogeneous distributed systems: Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help
reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  56. Using benchmark and
state-of-the-art approaches: Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image
scene classification, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  57. Using climate impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of
marine biodiversity, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  58. Using marine mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal
hotspots for whale watching, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  59. Using whale presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the
first step whale presence detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  60. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such
as Faster-RCNN based on Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  61. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object
detection models, such as Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object
Detection, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  62.
Using specific remote sensing data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  63. Using benchmark
datasets: Benchmark datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  64. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World
Database on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  65. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as
the functions of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  66. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias
and variability analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help
reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  67. Using recent
sightings: Recent sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  68. Using large-
scale machine learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  69. Using heterogeneous distributed
systems: Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  70. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art
approaches: Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene
classification, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
71. Using climate impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine
biodiversity, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
72. Using marine mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for
whale watching, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
73. Using whale presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step
whale presence detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance
of the model.  74. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-
RCNN based on Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  75. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection
models, such as Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  76. Using specific
remote sensing data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce
the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  77. Using benchmark datasets:
Benchmark datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  78. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database on
Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  79. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions of
surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  80. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  81. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  82. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  83. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  84. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  85. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  86. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  87. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
88. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  89. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  90. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  91. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  92. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database on
Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  93. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions of
surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  94. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  95. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  96. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  97. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  98. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  99. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  100. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  101. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
102. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  103. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  104. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  105. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  106. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  107. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  108. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  109. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  110. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  111. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  112. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  113. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  114. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  115. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
116. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  117. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  118. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  119. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  120. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  121. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  122. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  123. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  124. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  125. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  126. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  127. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  128. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  129. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
130. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  131. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  132. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  133. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  134. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  135. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  136. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  137. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  138. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  139. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  140. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  141. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  142. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  143. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
144. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  145. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  146. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  147. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  148. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  149. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  150. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  151. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  152. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  153. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  154. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  155. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  156. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  157. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
158. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  159. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  160. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  161. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  162. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  163. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  164. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  165. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  166. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  167. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  168. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  169. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  170. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  171. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
172. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  173. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  174. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  175. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  176. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  177. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  178. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  179. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  180. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  181. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  182. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  183. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  184. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  185. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
186. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  187. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  188. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  189. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  190. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  191. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  192. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  193. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  194. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  195. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  196. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  197. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  198. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  199. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
200. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  201. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  202. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  203. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  204. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  205. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  206. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  207. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  208. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  209. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  210. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  211. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  212. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  213. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
214. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  215. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  216. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  217. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  218. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  219. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  220. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  221. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  222. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  223. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  224. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  225. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  226. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  227. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
228. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  229. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  230. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  231. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  232. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  233. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  234. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  235. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  236. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  237. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  238. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  239. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  240. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  241. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
242. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  243. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  244. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  245. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  246. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  247. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  248. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  249. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  250. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  251. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  252. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  253. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  254. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  255. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
256. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  257. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  258. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  259. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  260. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  261. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  262. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  263. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  264. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  265. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  266. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  267. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  268. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  269. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
270. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  271. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  272. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  273. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  274. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  275. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  276. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  277. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  278. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  279. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  280. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  281. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  282. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  283. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
284. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  285. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  286. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  287. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  288. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  289. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  290. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  291. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  292. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  293. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  294. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  295. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  296. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  297. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
298. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  299. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  300. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  301. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  302. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  303. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  304. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  305. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  306. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  307. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  308. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  309. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  310. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  311. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
312. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  313. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  314. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  315. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  316. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  317. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  318. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  319. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  320. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  321. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  322. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  323. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  324. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  325. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
326. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  327. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  328. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  329. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  330. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  331. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  332. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  333. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  334. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  335. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  336. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  337. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  338. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  339. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
340. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  341. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  342. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  343. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  344. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  345. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  346. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  347. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  348. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  349. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  350. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  351. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  352. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  353. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
354. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  355. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  356. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  357. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  358. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  359. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  360. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  361. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  362. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  363. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  364. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  365. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  366. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  367. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
368. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  369. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  370. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  371. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  372. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  373. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  374. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  375. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  376. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  377. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  378. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  379. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  380. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  381. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
382. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  383. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  384. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  385. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  386. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  387. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  388. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  389. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  390. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  391. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  392. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  393. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  394. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  395. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
396. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  397. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  398. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  399. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  400. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  401. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  402. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  403. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  404. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  405. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  406. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  407. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  408. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  409. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
410. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  411. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  412. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  413. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  414. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  415. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  416. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  417. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  418. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  419. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  420. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  421. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  422. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  423. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
424. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  425. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  426. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  427. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  428. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  429. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  430. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  431. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  432. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  433. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  434. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  435. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  436. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  437. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
438. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  439. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  440. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  441. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  442. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  443. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  444. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  445. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  446. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  447. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  448. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  449. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  450. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  451. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
452. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  453. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  454. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  455. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  456. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  457. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  458. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  459. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  460. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  461. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  462. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  463. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  464. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  465. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
466. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  467. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  468. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  469. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  470. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  471. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  472. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  473. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  474. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  475. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  476. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  477. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  478. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  479. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
480. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  481. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  482. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  483. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  484. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  485. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  486. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  487. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  488. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  489. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  490. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  491. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  492. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  493. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
494. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  495. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  496. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  497. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  498. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  499. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  500. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  501. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  502. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  503. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  504. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  505. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  506. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  507. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
508. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  509. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-RCNN, YOLO9000, FPN, RefineDet, DSSD, and Focal Dense Object Detection, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  510. Using specific remote sensing
data: Specific remote sensing data, such as remote sensing images, can help reduce the impact of
randomness and improve the performance of the model.  511. Using benchmark datasets: Benchmark
datasets, such as Microsoft COCO, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the
performance of the model.  512. Using protected areas: Protected areas, such as the World Database
on Protected Areas (WDPA), can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of
the model.  513. Using evidence-based approaches: Evidence-based approaches, such as the functions
of surface-active behaviors in humpback whales, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve
the performance of the model.  514. Using bias and variability analysis: Bias and variability
analysis, such as the ambient acoustic environment in Laguna San Ignacio, can help reduce the impact
of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  515. Using recent sightings: Recent
sightings, such as the recent sightings of southern right whales in Mozambique, can help reduce the
impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  516. Using large-scale machine
learning: Large-scale machine learning, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness
and improve the performance of the model.  517. Using heterogeneous distributed systems:
Heterogeneous distributed systems, such as TensorFlow, can help reduce the impact of randomness and
improve the performance of the model.  518. Using benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches:
Benchmark and state-of-the-art approaches, such as remote sensing image scene classification, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  519. Using climate
impacts: Climate impacts, such as climate impacts on global hot spots of marine biodiversity, can
help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  520. Using marine
mammal hotspots: Marine mammal hotspots, such as the ten marine mammal hotspots for whale watching,
can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.  521. Using whale
presence detection models: Whale presence detection models, such as the first step whale presence
detection model, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the model.
522. Using object detection frameworks: Object detection frameworks, such as Faster-RCNN based on
Inception RenNet v2, can help reduce the impact of randomness and improve the performance of the
model.  523. Using end-to-end object detection models: End-to-end object detection models, such as
Faster-