 After the model training, the postprocessing steps involved are the calculation of performance
metrics such as Mean Loss, Root Mean Square Error (Rmse), and Accuracy on 10% Densest Quadrats
(A10%DQ). These metrics are calculated for each species and for two disjoints and randomly sampled
subsets of sites: A train set (4781 sites) which is used for fitting all models and a test set (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities. Then, train and test metrics are
averaged over the 50 species. The performance metrics are described in the following.  Reference(s):
Table 10.3  10.3.5 Evaluation Metrics Predictions are made for every species of E50 and several
model performance metrics are calculated for each species and for two disjoints and randomly sampled
subsets of sites: A train set (4781 sites) which is used for ﬁtting all models and a test set (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities. Then, train and test metrics are
averaged over the 50 species. The performance metrics are described in the following.  10.3.5.1 Mean
Loss Mean loss, just named loss in the following, is an important metric to consider because it is
relevant regarding our ecological model and it is the objective function that is minimized during
model training. The Mean loss of model m on species i and on sites 1,..., K is:  Loss(m, i,  {
1,..., K  ) }  =  1 K  k  K  =  1  λm,θi (xk)  −  yi k log(λm,θi (xk))  In Table 10.3, the loss is
averaged over species of E50. Thus, in the case of a mono-response model, we averaged the metric
over the 50 independently learned models. In the multi-response case, we averaged the metric over
each species response of the same model.  10.3.5.2 Root Mean Square Error (Rmse) The root mean
square error is a general error measure, which, in contrary to the previous one, is independent of
the statistical model:  Rmse(m, i,  {  1,..., L  }  )  =  1 K  k  K  =  1  yi k −  λm,θi (xk)  2  In
Table 10.3, the average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50. Mono- response models are
treated as explained previously.  10.3.5.3 Accuracy on 10% Densest Quadrats (A10%DQ)  Helpful
Answer: After the model training, the postprocessing steps involved are the calculation of
performance metrics such as Mean Loss, Root Mean Square Error (Rmse), and Accuracy on 10% Densest
Quadrats (A10%DQ). These metrics are calculated for each species and for two disjoints and randomly
sampled subsets of sites: A train set (4781 sites) which is used for fitting all models and a test
set (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities. Then, train and test metrics
are averaged over the 50 species. The performance metrics are described in the following.
Reference(s): Table 10.3  10.3.5 Evaluation Metrics Predictions are made for every species of E50
and several model performance metrics are calculated for each species and for two disjoints and
randomly sampled subsets of sites: A train set (4781 sites) which is used for ﬁtting all models and
a test set (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities. Then, train and test
metrics are averaged over the 50 species. The performance metrics are described in the following.
10.3.5.1 Mean Loss Mean loss, just named loss in the following, is an important metric to consider
because it is relevant regarding our ecological model and it is the objective function that is
minimized during model training. The Mean loss of model m on species i and on sites 1,..., K is:
Loss(m, i,  {  1,..., K  ) }  =  1 K  k  K  =  1  λm,θi (xk)  −  yi k log(λm,θi (xk))  In Table
10.3, the loss is averaged over species of E50. Thus, in the case of a mono-response model, we
averaged the metric over the 50 independently learned models. In the multi-response case, we
averaged the metric over each species response of the same model.  10.3.5.2 Root Mean Square Error
(Rmse) The root mean square error is a general error measure, which, in contrary to the previous
one, is independent of the statistical model:  Rmse(m, i,  {  1,..., L  }  )  =  1 K  k  K  =  1  yi
k −  λm,θi (xk)  2  In Table 10.3, the average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50. Mono-
response models are treated as explained previously.  10.3.5.3 Accuracy on 10% Densest Quadrats
(A10%DQ)