 The context does not provide information on the regularization methods used to prevent overfitting
in the deep learning pipeline.  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold for the species
Chaetodon trifasciatus based on the second goal (G2)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus based on the second goal
(G2).  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus based on
the third goal (G3)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the optimal
threshold for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus based on the third goal (G3).  %Query Query: "What
is the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus based on the first goal (G1)?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the optimal threshold for the species
Chaetodon trifasciatus based on the first goal (G1).  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold
for the species Chaetodon trifascialis based on the second goal (G2)?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon trifascialis based
on the second goal (G2).  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis based on the third goal (G3)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon trifascialis based on the third goal
(G3).  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold for the species Chaetodon trifascialis based on
the first goal (G1)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the optimal
threshold for the species Chaetodon trifascialis based on the first goal (G1).  %Query Query: "What
is the optimal threshold for the species Naso brevirostris based on the second goal (G2)?"  Helpful
Answer: The context does not provide information on the optimal threshold for the species Naso
brevirostris based on the second goal (G2).  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold for the
species Naso brevirostris based on the third goal (G3)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the optimal threshold for the species Naso brevirostris based on the third
goal (G3).  %Query Query: "What is the optimal threshold for the species Naso brevirostris based on
the first goal (G1)?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the optimal
threshold for the species Naso brevirostris based on the first goal (G1).  %Query Query: "What is
the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus?"  Helpful Answer: The softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus is 99.91%.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis?"  Helpful Answer:
The softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis is 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide
information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species
Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context
does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification
for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage
of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at
the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"
Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of misclassification for
the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage
of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test
dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the
test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query:
"What is the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso
brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the softmax score for
the 0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What
is the percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score
of 99.91%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax
score of 99.98% is 11.11%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the
species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not
provide information on the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct
classifications for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query
Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in
the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
correct classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer:
The context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the
species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the
0.05 quantile of correct classification for the species Naso brevirostris?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the softmax score for the 0.05 quantile of correct
classification for the species Naso brevirostris.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax score of 99.91%?"  Helpful
Answer: The percentage of misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifasciatus at the softmax
score of 99.91% is 20%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species
Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of
misclassification for the species Chaetodon trifascialis at the softmax score of 99.98% is 11.11%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the
softmax score of 99.98%?"  Helpful Answer: The context does not provide information on the
percentage of misclassification for the species Naso brevirostris at the softmax score of 99.98%.
%Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifasciatus in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for
the species Chaetodon trifasciatus in the test dataset T2 is 87.80%.  %Query Query: "What is the
percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon trifascialis in the test dataset
T2?"  Helpful Answer: The percentage of correct classifications for the species Chaetodon
trifascialis in the test dataset T2 is 90.00%.  %Query Query: "What is the percentage of correct
classifications for the species Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2?"  Helpful Answer: The
context does not provide information on the percentage of correct classifications for the species
Naso brevirostris in the test dataset T2.  %Query Query: "What is the softmax score for the 0.05
quantile of correct classification for the species Nas