 The context does not provide information on the hardware resources used for training the deep
learning model.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the batch size used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The batch size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What
is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for
training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent
algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient
descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of
50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training
mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training
of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an
absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training
the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10
min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss
function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for
training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model
and is the objective function that is minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the
performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance
metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error
(Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for
testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning
model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models
generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and
randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse
computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of
E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case,
and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.
%Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The
average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species
response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50
independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10%
densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model by
calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate
used for training the deep learning model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning
model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for
training the deep learning model has a momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning
rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping
the training of the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model
is stopped when the average slope of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the
last 100 epochs.  %Query Query: "What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"
Helpful Answer: The learning took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN
(independently of the version).  %Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the
mean loss, which is relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is
minimized during model training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating
the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep
learning model are the mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest
quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The test set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly
sampled subset of sites (400 sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query
Query: "What is the train set used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train
set used for fitting the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites
(4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"
Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over
each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over
the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average
of the loss computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over
species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-
response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-
response case.  %Query Query: "What is the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for
evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ)
is used for evaluating the deep learning model by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest
quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.  %Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for
training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The batch-size used for training the deep
learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial learning rate used for training the deep
learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The initial learning rate used for training the deep learning
model is 10−.  %Query Query: "What is the momentum used for training the deep learning model?"
Helpful Answer: The momentum used for training the deep learning model is 0.9.  %Query Query: "What
is the stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The stochastic gradient descent algorithm used for training the deep learning model has a
momentum of 0.9, a batch-size of 50, and an initial learning rate of 10−.  %Query Query: "What is
the average slope of the training mean loss used for stopping the training of the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The training of the deep learning model is stopped when the average slope
of the training mean loss has an absolute difference to 0 on the last 100 epochs.  %Query Query:
"What is the time taken for training the SNN, DNN, and CNN models?"  Helpful Answer: The learning
took approximately 5 min for SNN, 10 min for DNN, and 5 h for CNN (independently of the version).
%Query Query: "What is the loss function used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The loss function used for training the deep learning model is the mean loss, which is
relevant regarding the ecological model and is the objective function that is minimized during model
training.  %Query Query: "What is the performance metric used for evaluating the deep learning
model?"  Helpful Answer: The performance metrics used for evaluating the deep learning model are the
mean loss, root mean square error (Rmse), and accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ).  %Query
Query: "What is the test set used for testing the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The test
set used for testing the deep learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (400
sites) which aims at testing models generalization capacities.  %Query Query: "What is the train set
used for fitting the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The train set used for fitting the deep
learning model is a disjoint and randomly sampled subset of sites (4781 sites).  %Query Query: "What
is the average of the Rmse computed over species of E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the Rmse
is computed over species of E50 by averaging the metric over each species response of the same model
in the multi-response case, and by averaging the metric over the 50 independently learned models in
the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is the average of the loss computed over species of
E50?"  Helpful Answer: The average of the loss is computed over species of E50 by averaging the
metric over each species response of the same model in the multi-response case, and by averaging the
metric over the 50 independently learned models in the mono-response case.  %Query Query: "What is
the accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) used for evaluating the deep learning model?"  Helpful
Answer: The accuracy on 10% densest quadrats (A10%DQ) is used for evaluating the deep learning model
by calculating the proportion of the 10% densest quadrats that are correctly predicted by the model.
%Query Query: "What is the batch-size used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer:
The batch-size used for training the deep learning model is 50.  %Query Query: "What is the initial
learning rate used for training the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The